Keywords:   
            (keyword.png)
            A computer programming language comprises of a set of predefined words which are called keywords. 
            A prescribed rule of usage for each keyword is called a syntax.
            The list of Python keywords can be obtained using the following help command in Python shell. 

Identifiers : 

            1) Apart from keywords, a Python program can have variables, functions, classes, modules, packages etc. 
            2) Identifier is the name given to these programming elements. 
               An identifier should start with either an alphabet letter (lower or upper case) or an underscore (_). 
               After that, more than one alphabet letters (a-z or A-Z), digits (0-9) or underscores may be used to form an identifier. 
               No other characters are allowed. 

Identation : 

            Python uses uniform indentation to denote a block of statements. 
            When a block is to be started, type the exclamation symbol (:) and press Enter. 
            Any Python-aware editor (like IDLE) goes to the next line leaving an additional whitespace (called indent). 
            Subsequent statements in the block follow the same level of indent. 
            In order to signal the end of a block, the whitespace is de-dented by pressing the backspace key. 
            If your editor is not configured for Python, you may have to ensure that the statements in a block have the same indentation level by pressing the spacebar or Tab key. 
            The Python interpreter will throw an error if the indentation level in the block is not same. 

Comments :
            In a Python script, the symbol # indicates the start of a comment line. 
            It is effective till the end of the line in the editor. 
            If # is the first character of the line, then the entire line is a comment. 
            It can be used also in the middle of a line. 
            The text before it is a valid Python expression, while the text following is treated as a comment.
            (multi-line.png)
            A triple quoted multi-line string is also treated as a comment if it is not a docstring of a function or a class. 
            (The use of docstring will be explained in subsequent tutorials on Python functions.)  

Input : 
            
            The input() function is a part of the core library of standard Python distribution. 
            It reads the key strokes as a string object which can be referred to by a variable having a suitable name. 
            The input() function always reads the input as a string, even if comprises of digits. 
            The type() function used confirms this behaviour.      

Ouput :
            Built-in function print() serves as an output statement in Python. 
            It echoes the value of any Python expression on the Python shell. 
            Multiple values can be displayed by the single print() function separated by comma. 
            By default, a single space (' ') acts as a separator between values. However, any other character can be used by providing a sep parameter. 
            We can give ',' or anything by specifiying it in " sep=' ' ".            
            The output of the print() function always ends by a newline character. 
            The print() function has another optional parameter end, whose default value is "\n". 
            This value can be substituted by any other character such as a single space (' ') to display the output of the subsequent print() statement in the same line.
            